♪ How great I am ♪
♪ Gotta tell myself ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm the man ♪
♪ Looks grim right now ♪
♪ But pretty soon ♪
♪ we'll be laughing about it ♪
♪ Ooh, and it's all right ♪
♪ Yeah, it is ♪
♪ I swear, you'll see ♪
♪ It's not, really ♪
♪ Yeah, and it's all right ♪
♪ 'Cause I've always ♪
♪ got my family of me ♪
♪ It's not a first ♪
♪ Might be the last ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm sure I must've ♪
♪ been through worse ♪
♪ But, ooh, it's all right ♪
♪ Got a paddle and a creek ♪
♪ Yeah, and it's all right ♪
♪ Because I've always ♪
♪ Got my family ♪
♪ Of me ♪
♪ Follow me ♪
♪ into the great unknown ♪
♪ Where pink flamingos grow ♪
♪ Diet soda flows ♪
♪ And what you take ♪
♪ magically regenerates ♪
♪ On supermarket shelves ♪
♪ The ovens clean themselves ♪
♪ You don't pay the tab ♪
♪ 'til the last drop ♪
♪ 'Cause this train never ♪
♪ stops ♪
♪ We make a good team ♪
♪ me and you, we do ♪
♪ You can scratch my back ♪
♪ And I'll scratch my back ♪
♪ too ♪
♪ People, more is more ♪
♪ Ah, we all want more ♪
♪ You don't pay the tab ♪
♪ 'till the last drop ♪
♪ So we all ride for nothing ♪
♪ 'Cause this train never ♪
♪ stops ♪
♪ You don't stop ♪
♪ I must ♪
♪ Give the impression ♪
♪ That I have the answers ♪
♪ For everything ♪
♪ You were ♪
♪ So disappointed ♪
♪ To see me unravel ♪
♪ So easily ♪
♪ It's only change ♪
♪ It's only every ♪
♪ Thing I know ♪
♪ It's only change ♪
♪ And I'm only changing ♪
♪ You want ♪
♪ Something that's constant ♪
♪ And I only wanted ♪
♪ to be me ♪
♪ But watch ♪
♪ Even the stars above ♪
♪ Things that seem still... ♪